---
title: taipei day 6
date: 2024-01-22 01:45:00 +0800
categories: [Travel, Taiwan]
tags: [Taipei]
image:
  path: /assets/img/posts_images/
  alt: Review for the TV series "Severance"
---


woke around 10am and took a uber to keelung. uber driver was pretty chatty and he said his favourite place in taiwan was yilan and his favourite food was oyster omelette. he also told me that heping island was coastal, so i should be prepared for the temperature drop. I didn't think it was going to be very bad, but i was welcomed by a constant batter of light rain and strong winds once i exited the cab. i entered the heping island enclosure and tried to navigate the park. the rain wasn't very heavy, but it was unrelenting, and worse, winds made it really very cold. it felt like about 9 degrees. i tried to sight see a little but immediately took refuge in the visitor center. 

i had a pakistan curry rice by the window while i watched the waves. it was really beautiful, but i came at the wrong time. went back down and had a hot bird nest drink. i was hoping for the rain to at least subside a little so i waited a little. I tried to fly my drone a little, but i was worried the wind would overturn it lol. but i did a quick run and got a little footage. anyway, with the weather conditions, my plans for keelung was mostly derailed. i had wanted to go to heping -> wwangyougu/chajinngpark/Badouzi Seaside Park-> keelung main area (zhongzheng park/maritime plaza), which were mostly outdoors areas. So i decided to go straight to the city area, the maritime plaza. and guess what, the maritime plaza was equally rainy hah. it was an outdoor plaza, i have no idea why i was envisioning an indoor shopping plaza. so i walked into the nearby shophouses looking for food. had a zhu pa fan for 110ntd, 5/10 not worth. then i decided to check out the night market early. it was a very small market, probably half the size of ningxia market. i had a curry rice there. at this point i was trying to decide what to do. so i decided to go to one final place, the zhongzheng park.

googlemaps said that zhongzheng park was about 20 min walk from the night market, so i made my way over. i would probably have enjoyed the walk a lot more if it didn't rain so much. for some reason though, i couldn't get to the actual park,  but i did come across this beautiful temple where i took some drone footage! Luckily, i did so just before the winds became super strong and the rain got heavy. I then decided that i had enough of this weather, and booked my cab back to hotel.

met a few other singaporeans for dinner at you you 1969. i unfortunately didnt take any pictures but the food was pretty good, 7/10. in particular the you tiao stuffed with some paste was great. after that they left to go to emperor onsen while i walked a little. tried out this ma you ji with noodles, 180 ntd but i didn't like it. there was some bitterness to it and the broth is less viscous and more watery compared to singapore's version. the chicken is also super bony haha.. after that i took a bus back to xmd and bought a cute t shirt for only 200ntd. bought another hao da ji pa before heading back to the hotel.

day 7 

woke up, it was bloody 9 degrees. so i went to this nice hotpot place. and waited until hotel until my flight.