---
title: taipei day 5
date: 2024-01-21 01:45:00 +0800
categories: [Travel, Taiwan]
tags: [Taipei]
image:
  path: /assets/img/posts_images/
  alt: Review for the TV series "Severance"
---


super cold day today 14 degrees. went straight to songshan cultural park. many boutique small stores sellings their own goods. there is a tobacco factory there converted into a arts/crafts/history. i think there was also some haunted houses or some sort of scifi themed experience. mostly the younger crowd there, quite a nice place. ate some snacks. warm sugar cane is actually really good, especially in the cold weather! tried a cake like thing as well as an fried egg flour thing which were both pretty meh. i swear i'm gonna lose all my gains from this anyhow diet. wandered around, wanted to use my drone but it was a little too crowded and the park rules prohibited it. walked over to the dr sun yat sen memorial hall. found a shop selling a small drawstring pouch! affixed a cute badge on it and that will be my taiwan ling qian pouch. (expand on this)

the dr sun yat sen memorial hall is a great place for history buffs, but unfortunately it wasn't particularly interesting to me. i still spent a good deal of time there, around 2 hours, to hide from the cold. Strolled to the nearby park and watched taiwanese families and kids go about their daily lives. After which, i walked a short distance to the taipei vistor center, but there wasn't much at all. at this point i decided to cab back to hotel to rest a little before heading over to shilin.

shilin was pretty okay. very big market, not just food, but also clothing, with a few brand stores. i think. the food in shilin is a lot more gimmicky and aimed at tourist i would say, compared to raohe which felt authentically taiwanese. for instance there were korean street food like the tornadoe fries or the fruits encased in the sugar coating. all in all i still had a great eating experience and even bought another dog shirt for teddy. i spent about 3 hours there from 6.30pm to 9.30pm walking about and browsing the shops and gachapons. took an uber back in preparation for an early night.