---
title: taipei day 4
date: 2024-01-20 01:45:00 +0800
categories: [Travel, Taiwan]
tags: [Taipei]
image:
  path: /assets/img/posts_images/
  alt: Review for the TV series "Severance"
---


woke up leisurely around 10am. went for a quick breakfast run, warm doujiang youtiao for 55ntd. not bad, 6/10. got a pork bun 20 ntd after and which was ok, meat was a little too little for the size of the bun. my laundry slot was scheduled for 11.30am so i wandered around into this animate cafe which sold mostly manga and some anime merch. surprisingly BL postered was plastered all over the place! i window shopped a little and rolled a gachapon for a sleeping rengoku figure for 100ntd. pretty cute.

went back to hotel for the laundry and lounged around until 2.

left for yongkang street yong kang street, smaller street, bugis haji lane vibes, more shops more socially liberal - environmentalism, upcycling. more tourists as well as more fads. had the white water dou hua which didn’t feel any different. bought some other snacks like a bread 45ntd 6/10? and a lu rou mian which was expensive but very average 5/10. wandered around a little more. children playing at the playground


strolled into daan park - large chill park with its little pond. hobbyists all kinds wildlife photographers, bird watchers, dancers, pokémon go players, people getting their exercise in. little garage sale. very relaxing place to have a little stroll. quite a vibe i enjoy. singapore could never because of the heat

from daan park i took a bus to xinyi. xinyi feels like capitalism. a stark contrast to everywhere else in taipei i’ve visited. here there is a veneer of luxury which is all too common in singapore. too many intermediateries between consumer and the front facing personnel removes the intimacy and rawness of the whole shopping experience. 

after xinyi i went back to hotel to rest. went to the bars to check out the performances and then called it a night. it was a really chill day, nothing too exciting. wanted to find a place to use my drone but daan park had way too many trees and people.