---
title: taipei day 3
date: 2024-01-19 01:45:00 +0800
categories: [Travel, Taiwan]
tags: [Taipei]
image:
  path: /assets/img/posts_images/
  alt: Review for the TV series "Severance"
---



It's Friday! The busiest day of the trip awaits. I have 3 main activities planned today. In the morning, I had booked a [rock climbing activity at Beitou](https://www.klook.com/en-SG/activity/39713-beitou-sulphur-valley-rock-climbing-experience-taipei/?aid=54315). After which, i wanted to visit the onsens nearby for some rest and relaxation. My evening would conclude with [Stand Up Paddleboarding (SUP)](https://www.klook.com/en-SG/activity/69598-city-sup-taipei/?aid=54315
)  experience at Heshuang No 21 Riverside Park at 4pm.



## Beitou Sulphur Valley Rock Climbing Experience  (北投大砲場) | 8am

I woke up at 7.45am and immediately booked a Uber to the meeting point in Beitou (北投), a considerable distance away from the city center. I reached at 8.50am. The meeting point was sort of in the middle of nowhere on a road, and I found myself wondering for quite a while if i had gone to the wrong place. Anyway, after some back and forth and wandering around, i decided to just wait at the given location according to google maps. Luckily, the instructor arrived slightly after. Imagine if I had reached much earlier. I would have gone crazy with the mental gymnastics and self-doubt in my head lol.


There was supposedly another 2 people but they didn't turn up, so I had the instructor all to myself for the whole 3 hours. We began the short hike to the rock climbing walls. It was pretty steep and not very well traveled. Some steps were soft and gave way easily (I also think i should have worn suitable shoes). Luckily, it was just a 5 to 10 min hike.

We started on the easiest wall first, while i managed to scale up quickly on my first try. no biggie! 

Took a break before attempting the considerably harder second wall. When you are on the wall, the small crevices and cracks are much harder to spot. While I already had a route planned in my head, searching for the nooks and crannies led to a lot of fatigue. My first attempt to scale this wall did not succeed.

Anyway, it turned out that this area is popular as a hiking trail with the local elderly. A large group chanced into us started to chit chat and watch us climb (watch me fail mostly). It was kinda surprising because i would say the trail was dangerous, maybe too much for older people. I guess i was wrong haha. It was pretty amusing because the conversation somehow turned into them wanting to try rock climbing, but the instructor rejected them. i gave the second wall another attempt, deciding to go for an unorthodox route this time. I managed to get to the top (sort of) this time! 

Then we moved on to the 3rd wall which was much harder. There was a small overhead ceiling on the rock and you had to streeeeeetch upwards with your body at a 45 degrees angle. Considering I can't even stretch to reach my toes, this was unsurmountable. I gave this wall a grand total of two tries which ended in failure. At this points, I was exhausted and my fingers were crying from the roughness of the wall. The instructor then taught me an easier way to climb up, sort of a kick-off technique where the walls intersect at a corner. It was much easier this way and I did reach the top.

After we were done with the climbs the instructor brought us up to the top of the walls which hard pretty good views! Hidden gem not on any travel guides. The hike up and down was a little dangerous as well, almost slipped and fall. it was really good! Even though I have practically zero rock climbing experience, I still enjoyed this activity tremendously and would [recommend it](https://www.klook.com/en-SG/activity/39713-beitou-sulphur-valley-rock-climbing-experience-taipei/?aid=54315) to athletic newbies.


## Emperor Spa  (皇池溫泉御膳館) | 11am

Next up was the hot springs. Since the weather was so good, i decided to walk 20min to the hot spring. Along the way, i found a spot i could use my drone with. It was really scenic and pleasant, despite the persistent sulphur stink in the air. 

Since it was 1pm on a weekday , there weren't a lot of people. I opted for the public bath, which was around 250NTD. There were about 15-20 people, most of which seemed to be older locals. There was a cold bath, and 6 warm pools. Despite what you might have been led to think, the baths were man made - ie not natural hot springs. The facility was a little old, somewhat maintained but still sufficiently clean. I didn't think the bath water was very clean though, felt like there were kinda sediments in the water haha.. As I don't particularly enjoy soaking in hot springs, i didn't stay long. Nevertheless, the bath was a good respite after rock climbing.


## Random eating street | 2.30pm

Since I hadn't eaten at all, I wanted to go early to the next area, hoping that there would be food in the area. I got myself an uber. The driver was a middle aged lady and I asked her for food recommendations in the area. She was very friendly, and told me that our destination was a huge park with no food in the vicinity. 

She then recommended a pan fried dumpling shop called ah cai guotie (阿財鍋貼) located in a small quiet charming neighbourhood. There were some street food stalls scattered in the area. i had 10 dumplings for 75NTD, and they were kind of average i guess. A little too bland and doughy for my liking. I didn't finish them. 6/10. Since i had time, i explored the area and had a chocolate pancake similar to mr bean for 20 ntd. The pancake was kind of tasteless and hard, and i didn't like it that much. 6/10. Had another lu rou fan for 30NTD. There was practically no meat, but it was still actually kinda flavorful. 6/10.



I bought some milk at the nearby family mart. people-watched a little, mostly listening to 4 kids having their after-school gathering lol, before heading over to my original destination - heshuang 


## Heshuang No 21 Riverside Park Stand Up Paddleboarding (SUP) | 3.15pm

Once i alighted from the uber, I was greeted by a majestic park bordered by an expansive river. The sun was out, and the breeze was cool and inviting, making for an idyllic walk through the park. Some people were seated on their makeshift chairs and fishing near the riverbank, while others were going about their afternoon exercise. It is pretty much my first time at a park of this scale. Singapore could never.


Stand Up Paddleboarding (SUP) is not as easy as it looks. While it might not be as intense or rigorous as canoeing, there is a lot of core strength required to maintain your balance. The board is similar to surfboards, except that is way more buoyant. I would describe SUP as a mix of kayaking (the paddling) and surfing (the board handling). I wasn't afraid of falling into the river, but i think the (self imposed) challenge of not getting wet made it more exciting and thrilling. There were 3 positions one could do on the board- sitting, kneeling, and standing. Kneeling probably felt the most comfortable and natural for me, while standing was the hardest. My knees were wobbling the whole time (it was the wind), but luckily i did not fall.


The instructor was a young 24YO dude. His origin story was that he wanted to introduce more people to SUP, and also combat the the stigma (from the elderly) that playing in water (玩水/wan shui) is dangerous. He was thorough with the safety rules and was conscientious in ensuring i was safe from any artifacts in the river. This activity is definitely doable for elderly (maybe not the standing position haha), but the sitting and kneeling position is actually very chill and relaxing. I could imagine myself just paddling around the river every week, enjoying the breeze and the view.



## Ximending (again) | 7pm

Initially, I wanted to go to the Shilin market, but i somehow lost my change of clothes. So, i ubered back to my hotel. I rested a while then went looking for dinner! There were a lot more people on friday! Apparently, the street food stalls were illegal and they would rush to the side when the patrolling police came . The police were quite strict today so many were displaced from their original locations. You could hear them complaining to each other loudly, and they were (understandably) angsty. I wandered around a while more and got more food; another cong you bing, papaya milk, and a random niu rou mian stall. Something charming about taipei's food stalls is that it is a much more intimate affair. Unlike Singapore's hawkers where there is a buffer distance between the cook and the customer, Taipei's food stalls are small and cozy and you are practically eating in front of the cook. Any feelings about the food, good or bad, can be discerned easily by the cook. Because of this, the whole experience feels a lot more candid, authentic, and homely. 

I took my time soaking in the vibrant atmosphere of XMD, before calling it a day and returning to my hotel to rest.